No further to fall back here on the favorites screen it of course matters to us whether we have favorites
or not so we can render a fullback here in a very simple way by not rendering the meal list.
If fav meals if this array is empty so all we need to do here in the favorites stream component is we
can check if fast meals length is equal to zero let's say.
Which means we have no favorite meals or that contrary happened is apt.
But if for some reason fav meals is is fall sick which is what this check.
So if it's not set.
If either of these two things is true then I will not return my meal list but a view with let's say
a text in there where I say no favorite meals found start adding some.
And let's actually be clear about the casing here so that's the text I could render as a fallback.
Now important since I use view and text we need to import this.
So view and text from React Native should be imported here.
Otherwise we'll get an error and now we can add some styling here with let's say styles OP's style start
content or whatever you want to name it import styles sheet from React Native Dale for and now let's
add a style sheet here right before the export styles with style sheet.
Create and in their ads this content key we're referring to with flax 1 and then just as we did it before
justify content center and a line item center to center all content vertically and horizontally.
So this is to contact a content style property which I apply to this view.
With this we showed his text.
Now of course instead of using text we could actually all use our default text.
Now that I think about it that's what we have it for the default text which uses our font from components
default text.
So let's use default text here instead of the built in text component to have our default fund.
And now if we say it is what we have is this text here.
If we have no favorites.
As soon as we start adding some.
So if we add these two items here as favorites for example we'll of course see those and only if we
remove both here we'll see the fallback text again.
So Dad works like a charm.